The older one grows, the more one likes indecency. -- Virginia Woolf
Sometimes we could not bear the face of each other's differences because of what we feared it might say about ourselves. -- Audre Lorde
Everyone complains of his lack of memory, but nobody of his want of judgment. -- La Rochefoucauld
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information. -- Bill Watterson
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed. -- Winston Churchill
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. -- Aristotle
In summer, the song sings itself. -- William Carlos Williams
Courage without conscience is a wild beast. -- Robert Ingersoll
The most boring thing in the entire world is nudity. The second most boring thing is honesty. -- Chuck Palahniuk
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence. -- H.L. Mencken
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -- Abraham Maslow
Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed; too severe, seldom executed. -- Benjamin Franklin
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -- Jean Giraudoux
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh. -- Will Rogers
The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth. -- H.L. Mencken
The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but that one is young. -- Oscar Wilde
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. -- Epictetus
There is no being of any race who, if he finds the proper guide, cannot attain to virtue. -- Cicero
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is the resolute acceptance of death. -- Miyamoto Musashi
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse. -- W.S. Gilbert
People are difficult to govern because they have too much knowledge. -- Lao-tzu
People who count their chickens before they are hatched, act very wisely, because chickens run about so absurdly that it is impossible to count them accurately. -- Oscar Wilde
I've been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence. -- Garry Trudeau
That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire. -- La Rochefoucald
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! -- Albert Einstein
The less you can live on, the more chance your idea will succeed. This is true even after you’ve 'made it'. -- Hugh Macleod
Who makes quick use of the moment is a genius of prudence. -- Johann Kaspar Lavater
When two friends part they should lock up each other's secrets and exchange keys. The truly noble mind has no resentments. -- Diogenes
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need. -- Ann Richards
We must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose. -- Indira Gandhi
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger. -- Francis Quarles
A fellow who is always declaring he's no fool usually has his suspicions. -- Wilson Mizner
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
It is impossible to go through life without trust: That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself. -- Graham Greene
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. -- Walter Lippmann
Much learning does not teach understanding. -- Heraclitus