What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things. -- Margaret Mead
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. -- Mary Kay Ash
Our true wealth is the good we do in this world. None of us has faith unless we desire for our neighbors what we desire for ourselves. -- Mohammed
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Washing one's hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless means to side with the powerful, not to be neutral. -- Paulo Freire
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world is filled with willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. -- Robert Frost
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to. -- Walter Linn
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes. -- Abigail Van Buren
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted. -- Aeschylus
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. -- Erica Jong
Whatever advice you give, be brief. -- Horace
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. -- Marcus Aurelius
Always do right--this will gratify some and astonish the rest.  -- Mark Twain
Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved. -- Margaret Fuller
And never, never, no matter what else you do in your whole life, never sleep with anyone whose troubles are worse than your own. -- Nelson Algren
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself. -- Oscar Wilde
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -- Robert Frost
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. -- W. Somerset Maugham
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -- Abraham Lincoln
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm. -- Henry David Thoreau
Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be equally outraged by silence. -- Henri-Frederic Amiel
The price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men. -- Plato
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. -- Margaret Cousins
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. -- Jonathan Kozol
It is no dishonor to be in a minority in the cause of liberty and virtue. -- Sam Adams
When an arguer argues dispassionately he thinks only of the argument. -- Virginia Woolf
To argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. -- Thomas Paine
The demand to be loved is the greatest of all arrogant presumptions. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life, for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them. -- Laura Teresa Marquez
Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own. -- Sydney J. Harris
Art for art's sake, with no purpose, for any purpose perverts art. But art achieves a purpose which is not its own. -- Benjamin Constant
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity. -- Daniel Barenboim
Gardening is the art that uses flowers and plants as paint, and the soil and sky as canvas. -- Elizabeth Murray
Good art can not be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise. -- Ezra Pound
Science and art belong to the whole world, and before them vanish the barriers of nationality. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Art does not solve problems but makes us aware of their existence. It opens our eyes to see and our brain to imagine. -- Magdalena Abakanowicz
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line. -- Oscar Levant
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you. -- Oscar Wilde
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -- Pablo Picasso
There is no such thing as inaccuracy in a photograph. All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth. -- Richard Avedon
Nothing is more the child of art than a garden. -- Sir Walter Scott
Peace is not the absence of war; it is a virtue; a state of mind; a disposition for benevolence; confidence; and justice. -- Baruch Spinoza
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. -- Demosthenes
Nothing is easier than self-deceit. For what each man wishes, that he also believes to be true. -- Demosthenes
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary. Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness. -- Joseph Conrad
All is a riddle, and the key to a riddle is another riddle. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Try again, fail again. Fail better. -- Samuel Beckett
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you will see. -- Winston Churchill
When you look long into an abyss, the abyss looks into you. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. -- Albert Einstein
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. -- William Faulkner
Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble. -- Samuel Johnson
Don't forget that I cannot see myself, that my role is limited to being the one who looks in the mirror. -- Jacques Rigaut
Birds sing after a storm. Why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them? -- Rose Kennedy
When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him. -- Euripides
When love is in excess, it brings a man no honor, nor worthiness. -- Euripides
The irrationality of a thing is not an argument against its existence, rather, a condition of it. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Nothing is so common as the wish to be remarkable. -- William Shakespeare
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough, and liked it, never really care for anything else. --  Ernest Hemingway
The healthy man does not torture others. Generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers. -- Carl Jung
A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses. It is an idea that possesses the mind. -- Robert Oxton Bolton
The question that sometimes drives me hazy: Am I, or the others crazy? -- Albert Einstein
Unfortunately, a super-abundance of dreams is paid for by a growing potential for nightmares. -- Sir Peter Ustinov
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together. -- Eugene Ionesco
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. -- Confucius
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world, remains and is immortal. -- Albert Pine
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present. -- Sir Francis Bacon
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you, the less you know. -- Diane Arbus
There are some that only employ words for the purpose of disguising their thoughts. -- Voltaire
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as judge in the field of truth and knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods. -- Albert Einstein
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act. -- George Orwell
No man needs a vacation so much as the man who has just had one. -- Elbert Hubbard
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children. -- Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Of all the animals, man is the only one that is cruel. He is the only one who inflicts pain for the pleasure of doing it. -- Mark Twain
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls. The most massive characters are seared with scars. -- Khalil Gibran
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth. -- Oscar Wilde
The basis of shame is not some personal mistake of ours, but that this humiliation is seen by everyone. -- Milan Kundera
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of overcoming it. -- Helen Keller
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -- Plato
The ultimate choice for a man, in as much as he is given to transcend himself, is to create or destroy, to love or to hate. -- Erich Fromm
Crime butchers innocents to secure a prize. And innocence struggles with all its might against the attempts of crime. -- Maximilien Robespierre
If men could only know each other, they would neither idolize nor hate. -- Elbert Hubbard
Remember that all through history, there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they seem invincible. But in the end, they always fall. Always. -- Mahatma Ghandi
Some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future. -- Dale Turner
In order to learn the most important lessons of life, one must each day surmount a fear. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Between the idea and the reality, between the motion and the act, falls the shadow. -- T.S. Eliot
Between the desire and the spasm, between the potency and the existence, between the essence and the descent, falls the shadow. This is the way the world ends. -- T.S. Eliot
All secrets are deep. All secrets become dark. That's in the nature of secrets. -- Cory Doctorow
Evil brings men together. -- Aristotle
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate. -- Socrates
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. -- Cicero
Our life is made by the death of others. -- Leonardo Da Vinci
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace. -- Thomas Paine
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live. -- Robert Kennedy
The torture of a bad conscience is the hell of a living soul. -- John Calvin
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -- Mahatma Ghandi