Nothing is so strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength. -- Ralph W. Sockman
Both absolute power and absolute faith are instruments of dehumanization. Hence, absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power. -- Eric Hoffer
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it, but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
We are face to face with our destiny and we must meet it with a high and resolute courage. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Things won are done, joy’s soul lies in the doing. -- William Shakespeare
Let us see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered. -- Daniel Webster
We are stripped bare by the curse of plenty. -- Sir Winston Churchill
If our society continues at its present rate to become less livable as it becomes more affluent, we promise all to end up in sumptuous misery. -- John Gardner
Old age isn’t so bad when you consider the alternative. -- Maurice-Auguste Chevalier
It is not enough for a great nation merely to have added new years to life—our objective must also be to add new life to those years. -- John F. Kennedy
As one grows older, one becomes wiser and more foolish. -- Duc de La Rochefoucauld
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy man has no time to form. -- Andre Maurois
Of all gainful professions, nothing is better, nothing more pleasing, nothing more delightful, nothing better becomes a well-bred man than agriculture. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero
Man drinks wine. Wine drinks wine. Wine drinks man. -- Hokekyo Sho
At the third cup, wine drinks the man. -- Hokekyo Sho
The Alliance for Progress is an alliance between one millionaire and many beggars. -- Fidel Castro
Our interests are eternal and perpetual, and those interests it is our duty to follow. -- Henry John Temple
We have no eternal allies, and we have no perpetual enemies. -- Henry John Temple
America is the only nation in history which miraculously has gone directly from barbarism to degeneration without the usual interval of civilization. -- Georges Clemenceau
We defend and we build a way of life, not for America alone, but for all mankind. -- Franklin Roosevelt
I do not choose to be a common man. It is my right to be uncommon—if I can. -- Dean Alfange
I want to take the calculated risk; to dream and to build, to fail and to succeed. I refuse to barter incentive for a dole. -- Dean Alfange
I prefer the challenges of life to the guaranteed existence; the thrill of fulfillment to the stale calm of utopia. -- Dean Alfange
To my way of thinking there’s something wrong, or missing, with any person who hasn’t got a soft spot in their heart for an animal of some kind. -- Will James
The more minimal the art, the more maximum the explanation. -- Hilton Kramer
I will not disgrace my sacred arms Nor desert my comrade, wherever I am stationed. -- Athenian Ephebic Oath
The nose of Cleopatra: if it had been shorter, the face of the earth would have changed. -- Blaise Pascal
Do not believe what your teacher tells you merely out of respect for the teacher. -- Buddha
Unless we stand for something, we shall fall for anything. -- Peter Marshall
Who leads us is less important than what leads us. -- Adlai Ewing Stevenson
What counts now is not just what we are against, but what we are for. -- Adlai Ewing Stevenson
We might not be the best, and none of us were, but we were to make the effort to be the best. -- Robert Francis Kennedy
The best picture has not yet been painted; the greatest poem is still unsung; the mightiest novel remains to be written; the divinest music has not been conceived. -- Lincoln Steffens
Physics has not yet found any indivisible matter, or psychology a sensible soul. -- Lincoln Steffens
Things cannot be otherwise, for, everything being made for an end, everything is necessarily for the best end. -- Marie Arouet de Voltaire
A conscientious man would be cautious how he dealt in blood. -- Edmund Burke
The world of books is the most remarkable creation of man. -- Clarence Shepard Day
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counsellors, and the most patient of teachers. -- Charles Eliot
We must know all the facts and hear all the alternatives and listen to all the criticisms. -- John F. Kennedy
Let us welcome controversial books and controversial authors. -- John F. Kennedy
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for life. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. -- John Donne
There is a destiny that makes us brothers: None goes his way alone: All that we send into the lives of others Comes back onto our own. -- Edwin Markham
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. -- Calvin Coolidge
You cannot add to the stature of a dwarf by cutting off the legs of a giant. -- Benjamin Fairless
Capitalism is at its liberating best in a noncapitalist environment. -- Eric Hoffer
We have built no national temples but the Capitol; we consult no common oracle but the Constitution. -- Rufus Choate
If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve man, but it would deteriorate the cat. -- Mark Twain
Of all God’s creatures there is only one that cannot be made the slave of the lash. That one is the cat. -- Mark Twain
In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost. -- Alfred Whitney Griswold
The only sure weapon against bad ideas is better ideas. -- Alfred Whitney Griswold
For none of us would trade freedom of expression and of ideas for the narrowness of the public censor. -- Hubert Humphrey
There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing. -- Robert Burns
Chance is the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign. -- Theophile Gautier
In the fields of observation chance favors only those minds which are prepared. -- Louis Pasteur
When it is not necessary to change, it is necessary not to change. -- Lucius Cary
In a progressive country change is constant; change is inevitable. -- Benjamin Disraeli
There is a certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! -- Washington Irving
As I have often found in travelling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one’s position, and be bruised in a new place. -- Washington Irving
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events. -- Robert F. Kennedy
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal. -- Arthur Schopenhauer
If a man has lived in a tradition which tells him nothing can be done about his human condition, to believe that progress is possible may be the greatest revolution of all. -- Barbara Ward
In ancient society, men tended to believe themselves fortunate if tomorrow was not worse than today and anyway, there was little they could do about it. -- Barbara Ward
The art of free society consists first in the maintenance of the symbolic code. -- Alfred Whitehead
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery. -- Harold Wilson
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. -- Harold Wilson
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character. -- Henry Clay
Don’t say things. What you are stands over you the while, and thunders so that I cannot hear what you say to the contrary. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Character is what you are in the dark. -- Dwight Moody
An aristocrat in morals as in mind. -- Owen Wister
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero
One father is enough to governe one hundred sons, but not a hundred sons one father. -- George Herbert
The children now love luxury; they have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise. -- Socrates
Children are now tyrants, not the servants of their households. -- Socrates
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it. -- Harry S. Truman
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them. -- Oscar Wilde
An ignorant person makes a fuss about something which he alone finds strange. -- Chinese Proverb
Cities are the abyss of the human species. -- Jean Jacques Rousseau
Citizenship is no light trifle to be jeopardized any moment Congress decides to do so under the name of one of its general or implied grants of power. -- Hugo Black
Socrates said he was not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world. -- Plutarch
Indeed, even a jail sentence is no longer a dishonor but a proud achievement. -- Adlai Ewing Stevenson
We must remember that any oppression, any injustice, any hatred, is a wedge designed to attack our civilization. -- Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Now civilizations, I believe, come to birth and proceed to grow by successfully responding to successive challenges. -- Arnold Toynbee
The sum of the whole matter is this, that our civilization cannot survive materially unless it be redeemed spiritually. -- Woodrow Wilson
I didn’t say that I didn’t say it. I said that I didn’t say that I said it. I want to make that very clear. -- George Romney
The central drama of our age is how the Western nations and the Asian peoples are to find a tolerable basis of co-existence. -- Walter Lippman
We may be likened to two scorpions in a bottle, each capable of killing the other, but only at the risk of his own life. -- J. Robert Oppenheimer
Enter by this gateway and seek the way of honor, the light of truth, the will to work for men. -- Edwin Alderman
Nearly all legislation is the result of compromise. -- Joseph Cannon
Compromise used to mean that half a loaf was better than no bread. Among modern statesmen it really seems to mean that half a loaf is better than a whole loaf. -- G. K. Chesterton
If you are not very clever, you should be conciliatory. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Compromise is the oil that makes governments go. -- Gerald Ford
Sit down before facts as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion—or you shall learn nothing. -- Thomas Huxley
Congress is so strange. A man gets up to speak and says nothing. Nobody listens and then everybody disagrees. -- Boris Marshalov
A jackass can kick a barn down, but it takes a carpenter to build one. -- Sam Rayburn
Too many critics mistake the deliberations of the Congress for its decisions. -- Sam Rayburn
I have come to the conclusion that one useless man is called a disgrace, that two are called a law firm, and that three or more become a congress. -- Peter Stone
It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. -- Mark Twain