Happy families are all alike. Every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. -- Leo Tolstoy
Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself. -- James Anthony Froud
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world. Not even our troubles. -- Charles Chaplin
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects. -- Oscar Wilde
Let your heart feel for the afflictions and distress of everyone. -- George Washington
He who controls others may be powerful but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. -- Lao-Tzu
Fairy tales do not tell children that dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children that dragons can be killed. -- G.K. Chesterton
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evil doer; Nothing more difficult than understanding him. -- Fyodor Dostoevsky
Fantasy abandoned by reason produces impossible monsters. -- Francis Goya
God sends meat and the devil sends cooks. -- Thomas Deloney
Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none. -- William Shakespeare
Superman is, after all, an alien life form. He's simply the acceptable face of invading realities. -- Clive Barker
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time. -- Frank Miller
It doesn't matter who my father was, it matters who I remember he was. -- Anne Sexton
A simple child. That lightly draws it's breath. And feels its life in every limb. What should it know of death? -- William Woodsworth
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies. -- Daisy Bates
It is a wise father that knows his own child. -- William Shakespeare
I know indeed what evil I intend to do, but stronger than all my afterthoughts is my fury...fury that brings upon mortals the greatest evils. -- Euripides
For we pay a price for everything we get or take in this world; and although ambitions are well worth having, they are not to be cheaply won. -- Lucy Maud Montgomery
There is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings. -- Arthur Rubinstein
There is no refuge from confession but suicide; and suicide is confession. -- Daniel Webster
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering. -- Ben Okri
A sad soul can kill you quicker, far quicker, than a germ. -- John Steinbeck
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and a presumption that once our eyes watered. -- Tom Stoppard
There are no secrets better kept than the secrets that everybody guesses. -- George Bernard Shaw
If we knew each other's secrets, what comforts we should find. -- John Churton Collins
No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities. -- Christian Nestell Bovee
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves. We must die to one life before we can enter another. -- Anatole France
The man visited by ecstasies and visions, who takes dreams for realities is an enthusiast; the man who supports his madness with murder is a fanatic. -- Voltaire
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. -- Ernest Hemingway
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will. -- Chuck Palahniuk
The past is our definition. we may strive, with good reason, to escape it, or to escape what is bad in it, but we will escape it only by adding something better to it. -- Wendell Berry
To follow by faith alone is to follow blindly. -- Benjamin Franklin
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. -- Ayn Rand
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell. -- Thomas Fuller
Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden. -- Phaedrus
Beyond the East the sunrise, beyond the West the sea, And the East and West the wander-thirst that will not let me be. -- Gerald Gould
Who speaks to the instincts speaks to the deepest in mankind and finds the readiest response. -- Amos Bronson Alcott
I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay. -- Bob Dylan
What was silent in the father speaks in the son, and often I found in the son the unveiled secret of the father. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There is no refuge from memory and remorse in this world. The spirits of our foolish deeds haunt us, with or without repentance. -- Gilbert Parker
Let us consider that we are all insane. It will explain us to each other; it will unriddle many riddles. -- Mark Twain
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
The minute people fall in love, they become liars. -- Harlan Ellison
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely. -- P.J. O'Rourke
We are all brothers under the skin, and I, for one, would be willing to skin humanity to prove it. -- Ayn Rand
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin to slit throats. -- H.L. Mencken
No mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore. -- Sigmund Freud
The strength of a family, like the strength of an army, is in its loyalty to each other. -- Mario Puzo
For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible. -- Stuart Chase
I never teach my pupils; I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn. -- Albert Einstein
In youth we learn; in age we understand. -- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
The prostitute is not, as feminists claim, the victim of men, but rather their conqueror, an outlaw, who controls the sexual channels between nature and culture. -- Camille Paglia
He who does not punish evil, commands it to be done. -- Leonardo Da Vinci
Fate is not satisfied with inflicting one calamity. -- Publilius Syrus
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives, and create a monster they call destiny. -- John Hobbes
We all live in a house on fire, no fire department to call; no way out. -- Tennessee Williams
I have loved to the point of madness; That which is called madness, That which to me, is the only sensible way to love. -- Francoise Sagan
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it. -- Terry Pratchett
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win. -- Stephen King
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold. -- Andre Maurois
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible. -- George Chakiris
I'm not sure about automobiles. With all their speed forward they may be a step backward in civilization. -- Booth Tarkington
The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience. -- Mahatma Ghandi
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. -- Helen Keller
If there were no hell, we would be like the animals. No hell, no dignity. -- Flannery O'Connor
A weak man has doubts before a decision. A strong man has them afterwards. -- Carl Kraus
One need not be a chamber to be haunted, one need not to be a house. The brain has corridors surpassing material place. -- Emily Dickinson
There is no witness so dreadful, no accuser so terrible as the conscience that dwells in the heart of every man. -- Polybius
Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is tyrannical. -- Blaise Pascal
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruit than strict justice. -- Abraham Lincoln
There is no lasting hope in violence, only temporary relief from hopelessness. -- Kingman Brewster Jr.
These violent delights have violent ends. -- William Shakespeare
You don't really understand human nature unless you know why a child on a merry-go-round will wave at his parents every time around -- and why his parents will always wave back. -- William Tammeus
Dwell in peace in the home of your own being, and the Messenger of Death will not be able to touch you. -- Guru Nanak
In all the darkest pages in the malign supernatural, there is no more terrible tradition than that of a vampire - a pariah even among demons. -- Montague Summer
Better to write for yourself and have no public than to write for the public and have no self. -- Cyril Connolly
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else unless it's an enemy. -- Albert Einstein
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you. --Friedrich Nietzsche
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. -- Haniel Long
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit, because gratitude is a burden and revenge a pleasure. -- Tacitus
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness but of power. They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love. -- Washington Irving
In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate. -- Isaac Asimov
Experience is a brutal teacher, but you learn. My God, do you learn. -- C.S. Lewis
If I am what I have, and if I lose what I have, who then am I? -- Erich Fromm
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive. -- Sir Walter Scott
Show me a hero, and I will write you a tragedy. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when his son gives to his father, both cry. -- William Shakespeare
Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torments of man. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Hope is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul, and sings the tune without the words, and never stops at all. -- Emily Dickinson
We're all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life. -- Tennessee Williams
The family is a haven in a heartless world. -- Christopher Lasch
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love. -- Mother Teresa
A lions work hours are only when he's hungry; once he's satisfied, the predator and prey live peacefully together. -- Chuck Jones
Many persons have the wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness...is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. -- Helen Keller
A sincere artist tries to create something which is, in itself, a living thing. -- William Dobell
I have seen children successfully surmount the effects of an evil inheritance. That is due to purity being an inherent attribute of the soul. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Nature, in her most dazzling aspects or stupendous parts, is but the background and theater of the tragedy of man. -- John Morley