Congress in session is Congress on public exhibition, whilst Congress in its committee-rooms is Congress at work. -- Woodrow Wilson
If you want to get along, go along. -- Sam Rayburn
No man, however strong, can serve ten years as schoolmaster, priest, or Senator, and remain fit for anything else. -- Henry Adams
The Senate is a place filled with goodwill and good intentions, and if the road to hell is paved with them, then it’s a pretty good detour. -- Hubert Humphrey
I fear the vermin that shall undermine Senate and citadel and school and shrine. -- Edwin Markham
Retirement brings repose, and repose allows a kindly judgment of all things. -- John Sharp Williams
The best legislator is the one who votes for all appropriations and against all taxes. -- Walter Brownlow
To my mind Judas Iscariot was nothing but a low, mean, premature Congressman. -- Mark Twain
We have been taught to regard a representative of the people as a sentinel on the watch-tower of liberty. -- Daniel Webster
The nation behaves well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased, and not impaired, in value. -- Theodore Roosevelt
I always say, as you know, that if my fellow citizens want to go to Hell I will help them. It’s my job. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
Contempt is not a thing to be despised. -- Edmund Burke
Every man has two countries, his own and France. -- Henri de Bornier
I cannot conceive how any man can have brought himself to that pitch of presumption, to consider his country as nothing but carte blanche, upon which he may scribble whatever he pleases. -- Edmund Burke
Our country! In her intercourse with foreign nations, may she always be in the right; but our country, right or wrong. -- Stephen Decatur
Who saves his country, saves himself, saves all things, and all things saved do bless him! -- Benjamin Hill
Who lets his country die, lets all things die, dies himself ignobly, and all things dying curse him! -- Benjamin Hill
I am indebted to my country beyond any human power to repay. -- Herbert Hoover
My country owes me no debt. It gave me, as it gives every boy and girl, a chance. It gave me schooling, independence of action, opportunity for service and honor. -- Herbert Hoover
I would not change my native land For rich Peru with all her gold. -- Isaac Watts
The brave man is not he who feels no fear, For that were stupid and irrational; But he, whose noble soul its fears subdues, And bravely dares the danger nature shrinks from. -- Joanna Baillie
Be scared. You can’t help that. But don’t be afraid. -- William Faulkner
Without belittling the courage with which men have died, we should not forget those acts of courage with which men have lived. -- John F. Kennedy
A man does what he must, in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures, and that is the basis of all human morality. -- John F. Kennedy
The stories of past courage can teach, they can offer hope, they can provide inspiration. But they cannot supply courage itself. For this each man must look into his own soul. -- John F. Kennedy
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine
Tis the business of little minds to shrink; but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -- Thomas Paine
Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs. -- Herbert Hoover
Desperate of finding relief from a free course of justice, I look forward to the abolition of all credit as the only other remedy which can take place. -- Thomas Jefferson
The maxim of buying nothing without the money in our pocket to pay for it, would make of our country one of the happiest upon earth. -- Thomas Jefferson
There are few better measures of the concern a society has for its individual members and its own well being than the way it handles criminals. -- Ramsey Clark
Let dull critics feed upon the carcases of plays; give me the taste and the dressing. -- Philip Stanhope
The manner in which a nation cares for its dead measures exactly the sympathies of its people, their respect for the laws of the land, and their loyalty to high ideals. -- William Gladstone
How frighteningly few are the persons whose death would spoil our appetite and make the world seem empty. -- Eric Hoffer
It is not right to glory in the slain. -- Homer
Tis after death that we measure men. -- James Barron Hope
Sweet and glorious it is to die for our country. -- Horace
There is neither rank nor station nor prerogative in the republic of the grave. -- John Ingalls
In the democracy of the dead all men at last are equal. -- John Ingalls
When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully. -- Samuel Johnson
So when a great man dies, For years beyond our ken, The light he leaves behind him lies Upon the paths of men. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Were a star quenched on high, For ages would its light, Still travelling downward from the sky, Shine on our mortal sight. -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Your death and my death are mainly of importance to ourselves. -- Alexander Smith
On the mountains of memory, by the world’s wellsprings, In all men’s eyes, Where the light of the life of him is on all past things, Death only dies. -- Algernon Swinburne
The report of my death has been grossly exaggerated. -- Mark Twain
Debt, if owed to ourselves, was not debt but investment. -- Bruce Barton
And to preserve their independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt. -- Thomas Jefferson
We must make our election between economy and liberty, or profusion and servitude. -- Thomas Jefferson
One of the greatest disservices you can do a man is to lend him money that he can’t pay back. -- Jesse Holman Jones
Some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them. -- Laurence Peter
We have a choice: to plow new ground or let the weeds grow. -- Jonathan Westover
We must all hang together, or most assuredly we shall all hang separately. -- Benjamin Franklin
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -- Ernest Hemmingway
I do not hold that we should rearm in order to fight. I hold that we should rearm in order to parley. -- Winston Churchill
A strong defense is the surest way to peace. Strength makes detente attainable. Weakness invites war. -- Gerald Ford
To be prepared for War is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -- George Washington
A government without the power of defence! it is a solecism. -- James Wilson
There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide. -- John Adams
Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. -- John Adams
Democracy will prevail when men believe the vote of Judas as good as that of Jesus Christ. -- Thomas Carlyle
You can never have a revolution in order to establish a democracy. You must have a democracy in order to have a revolution. -- G. K. Chesterton
Democracy is the worst form of Government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time. -- Winston Churchill
I have long been convinced that institutions purely democratic must, sooner or later, destroy liberty, or civilisation, or both. -- Thomas Macaulay
Either the poor would plunder the rich, and civilisation would perish; or order and property would be saved by a strong military government, and liberty would perish. -- Thomas Macaulay
The cure for the evils of democracy is more democracy! -- Henry Mencken
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard. -- Henry Mencken
A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury. -- Alexander Tytler
The average age of the world’s greatest civilizations has been two hundred years. -- Alexander Tytler
http://bartleby.com/73/425.html