The older one grows, the more one likes indecency. -- Virginia Woolf
Sometimes we could not bear the face of each other's differences because of what we feared it might say about ourselves. -- Audre Lorde
Everyone complains of his lack of memory, but nobody of his want of judgment. -- La Rochefoucauld
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information. -- Bill Watterson
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed. -- Winston Churchill
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. -- Aristotle
In summer, the song sings itself. -- William Carlos Williams
Courage without conscience is a wild beast. -- Robert Ingersoll
The most boring thing in the entire world is nudity. The second most boring thing is honesty. -- Chuck Palahniuk
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence. -- H.L. Mencken
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -- Abraham Maslow
Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed; too severe, seldom executed. -- Benjamin Franklin
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -- Jean Giraudoux
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh. -- Will Rogers
The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth. -- H.L. Mencken
The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but that one is young. -- Oscar Wilde
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. -- Epictetus
There is no being of any race who, if he finds the proper guide, cannot attain to virtue. -- Cicero
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is the resolute acceptance of death. -- Miyamoto Musashi
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse. -- W.S. Gilbert
People are difficult to govern because they have too much knowledge. -- Lao-tzu
People who count their chickens before they are hatched, act very wisely, because chickens run about so absurdly that it is impossible to count them accurately. -- Oscar Wilde
I've been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence. -- Garry Trudeau
That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire. -- La Rochefoucald
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! -- Albert Einstein
The less you can live on, the more chance your idea will succeed. This is true even after you’ve made it. -- Hugh Macleod
Who makes quick use of the moment is a genius of prudence. -- Johann Kaspar Lavater
When two friends part they should lock up each other's secrets and exchange keys. The truly noble mind has no resentments. -- Diogenes
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need. -- Ann Richards
We must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose. -- Indira Gandhi
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger. -- Francis Quarles
A fellow who is always declaring he's no fool usually has his suspicions. -- Wilson Mizner
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
It is impossible to go through life without trust: That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself. -- Graham Greene
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. -- Walter Lippmann
Much learning does not teach understanding. -- Heraclitus
If you want to study yourself, look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people, look into your own heart. -- Friedrich von Schiller
Privilege is the greatest enemy of right. -- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
Myths which are believed in tend to become true. -- George Orwell
The depth of your mythology is the extent of your effectiveness. -- John C. Maxwell
Myth is, after all, the neverending story. -- Joan D. Vinge
Madness is rare in individuals - but in groups, political parties, nations, and eras it's the rule. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
No man is sane who does not know how to be insane on proper occasions. -- Henry Reed Beecher
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination. -- Mark Twain
A man who is of sound mind is one who keeps the inner madman under lock and key. -- Paul Valery
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone. -- Harriet Beecher Stowe
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past. -- Percy Bysshe Shelley
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. -- Sydney J. Harris
Arguments over grammar and style are often as fierce as those over IBM versus Mac, and as fruitless as Coke versus Pepsi and boxers versus briefs. -- Jack Lynch
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. -- Isaac Asimov
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy. -- Joseph Campbell
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. -- Abraham Lincoln
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. -- Albert Einstein
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is. -- C.S. Lewis
The future has a way of arriving unannounced. -- George Will
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living. -- John Dewey
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. -- John F. Kennedy
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -- Marcus Aurelius
One faces the future with one's past. -- Pearl S. Buck
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope. -- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
The future is made of the same stuff as the present. -- Simone Weil
I like dreams of the future better than the history of the past. -- Thomas Jefferson
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future. -- Vernon Cooper
I would never belong to a group that would accept someone like me as a member. -- Groucho Marx
I do not want the peace that passeth understanding. I want the understanding which bringeth peace. -- Helen Keller
Life is God's novel. Let him write it. -- Isaac Bashevis Singer
I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself. -- Maya Angelou
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -- Michael Jordan
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing. -- Rollo May
The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it. -- Warren Bennis
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. -- Albert Einstein
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -- Alexander Pope
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement. -- Alfred Adler
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. -- Amelia Earhart
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. -- Anatole France
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -- Annie Dillard
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. -- Benjamin Disraeli
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. -- Bishop Desmond Tutu
Big words seldom accompany good deeds. -- Charlotte Whitton
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. -- Edmund Burke
All that is necessary for evil to succeed is that good men do nothing. -- Edmund Burke
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself. -- Edward Ericson
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. -- Elbert Hubbard
You must do the things you think you cannot do. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it. -- Ella Williams
Never mistake motion for action. -- Ernest Hemingway
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. -- Jawaharlal Nehru
Action is the antidote to despair. -- Joan Baez
Nature knows no pause in progress and development, and attaches her curse on all inaction. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Great talent finds happiness in execution. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put one's thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Speech is conveniently located midway between thought and action, where it often substitutes for both. -- John Andrew Holmes
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another. -- John Dewey
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. -- John Locke
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. -- Kahlil Gibran
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -- Laurence J. Peter
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -- Leo Tolstoy